Replace .NET Framework with .NET where applicable (#20025)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/programming-guide/concepts/async/handling-reentrancy-in-async-apps.md

- [Reviewing and Running the Example App](#BKMD_SettingUpTheExample)

> [!NOTE]

> > To run the example, you must have Visual Studio 2012 or newer and .NET Framework 4.5 or higher installed on your computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To run the example, you must have .NET Framework 4.5 or later installed on your computer.
```

To better understand the example app, you can download it, build it yourself, or review the code at the end of this topic without implementing the app.

> [!NOTE]

> > To run the example as a Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) desktop app, you must have Visual Studio 2012 or newer and the .NET Framework 4.5 or higher installed on your computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To run the example as a Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) desktop app, you must have the .NET Framework 4.5 or later installed on your computer.
```
